README.md, before:

# GameClassics
A bunch of classic and popular games in a single java application.

All the games are built on top of a very flexible and simple custom game framework focused on productivity.
The framework adds, removes and moves images as objects on a screen. It also takes care of device events like mouse/keyboard and does collision detection. It will also provide a good sound engine as well as network access in the future.

Here is a list of games I intend to implement and make available in the final version:
	
-	TestFramework   (to test and fix new features)
-	TicTacToe 	    (W.I.P)
-	Tetris          (Not yet implemented)
-	MineSweeper	    (Not yet implemented)
-	Snake			      (Not yet implemented)
-	BreakOut		    (Not yet implemented)
-	GoogleDinossaur (Not yet implemented)
-	Ludo 			      (Not yet implemented)
-	Reversi	 		    (Not yet implemented)
-	Connect4 		    (Not yet implemented)
-	Monopoly 		    (Not yet implemented)
-	Pacman 			    (Not yet implemented)
-	SpaceInvaders 	(Not yet implemented)
-	Game2048 		    (Not yet implemented)
-	Sudoku	 		    (Not yet implemented)
-	Poker	 		      (Not yet implemented)
-	FreeCell	 	    (Not yet implemented)

Commit message:

List update
Included info about the, not yet implemented, image transformations and status update on Tic Tac Toe.

README.md, after:

# GameClassics
A bunch of classic and popular games in a single java application.

All the games are built on top of a very flexible and simple custom game framework focused on productivity.
The framework adds, removes and moves images as objects on a screen. It also takes care of device events like mouse/keyboard, does collision detection and simple transformations like rotation,scaling and transparency.
It will also provide a good sound engine as well as network access in the future.

Here is a list of games I intend to implement and make available in the final version:
	
-	TestFramework   	(to test and fix new features)
-	TicTacToe 	    	(Functional)
-	Tetris          	(Not yet implemented)
-	MineSweeper	    	(Not yet implemented)
-	Snake			(Not yet implemented)
-	BreakOut		(Not yet implemented)
-	GoogleDinossaur		(Not yet implemented)
-	Ludo 			(Not yet implemented)
-	Reversi			(Not yet implemented)
-	Connect4 		(Not yet implemented)
-	Monopoly 		(Not yet implemented)
-	Pacman 			(Not yet implemented)
-	SpaceInvaders		(Not yet implemented)
-	Game2048 		(Not yet implemented)
-	Sudoku	 		(Not yet implemented)
-	Poker	 		(Not yet implemented)
-	FreeCell		(Not yet implemented)
